c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\bin\Debug\Test1.exe.config
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\bin\Debug\DB1TEST.mdf
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\bin\Debug\DB1TEST_log.ldf
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\bin\Debug\Test1.exe
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\bin\Debug\Test1.pdb
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.T1.resources
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.exe
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.pdb
c:\users\ramez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test1\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.Main.resources
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\bin\Debug\Test1.exe.config
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.exe
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.pdb
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\bin\Debug\DB1TEST.mdf
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\bin\Debug\DB1TEST_log.ldf
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\bin\Debug\Test1.exe
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\bin\Debug\Test1.pdb
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.Main.resources
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.T1.resources
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ramez\Documents\GitShit\New Repo\POS_Import\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.newitem.resources
